The Nine Pillars of the Toshkan Empire or How To Govern With An Absent King

Krimhilda The Dragon Slayer, the Everlasting Sovereign, the Ninth Pillar. She who rules over the empire with supreme authority and without challenge to her claim. The other eight pillars most work in harmony to rule, but none should lose their place to forget that all answer to the Everlasting Sovereign. Unseen and unheard of for the better part of 150 years, some question if she is even alive.

Kind Von Der Ritter, Lord Kaiser, The Eighth Pillar. The Commander in Chief for the Toshkan Empire. From the air to the land to the seas they command the vast armada without ever a thought of disloyalty to the Sovereign. To them, those whom question the Sovereign within the Empire are guilty of treason, and those outside of it who do the same are making a declaration of war. 

Spymaster, The Seventh Pillar. Spymaster is an unofficial title used by the public to refer to the head source of the intelligence of the empire. So commonplace is its usage that the actual official title is a frequent joke. The identity of the Spymaster is known only to the Pillars, and is not officially acknowledged as anything but its legal title, Keeper of Lore. Nobody knows who works for the Spymaster, except for the ones that do.

Jessamine Hypatia, Lord Regent, the Sixth Pillar. Queen Jessamine, and her noble family act as the public face of the empire, and in the years following her taken to the throne, has come into conflict with her focus on expansion of the Empire's reach, and her infrequent displays of acknowledgment to the Sovereign. Her family has infiltrated almost every aspect of operation within the Empire, with loyalists to her and the Sovereign in frequent conflict. 

Archibald Hortensia, Pontiff of the Everlasting Sovereign, The Fifth Pillar. Pontiff Archibald Hortensia is the influential leader of the church. His life long dedication to the Sovereign, vow of celibacy, and charismatic personality has led his Archbishops across the Empire into positions of power that has led them to earn the blasphemous informal nickname of the "Lower Pillars." Known for his close friendship with the Queen and Kaiser, he loves all. He will not rest, until even the lowliest of heretics finds peace. 

Darnic Novikov, Provost of the Nine Magics, The Fourth Pillar. Transmutation, Necromancy, Enchantment, Illusion, few are as disciplined in the world as astutely as Provost Novikov. Lord of Arcadia, Provost Novikov is second to none in his knowledge of the arcana. Ruthless in his ambition for more knowledge, some have accused him of lacking in concern for the Empire whose magic he governs over. He has yet to deny this.

Enrico Caruso Jr., Grand Chancellor of the Senate, The Third Pillar. His father before him served seventeen consecutive terms as Grand Chancellor before his untimely death. Enrico has been accused of nepotism, inappropriate behavior, and of being a puppet Chancellor. Whom he is a puppet of is up to massive debate, but there is a consensus that the Grand Chancellor is doing far better than anyone could expect of a 12 year old. 

Kayneth Stilvaletti, Chief Justice of the Empire, the Second Pillar. The longest serving Justice in the history of the Toshkan Empire, and one of the last people to have seen the Sovereign in person. Rulings by Justice Stilvaletti are rare, but he is known for detesting appeals, faith in the justice system, and ironclad rulings. Holds the record for most assassination attempts in a single lifetime, with 247.

Gareth Soders, The High Warden of the Toshkan Empire, the First Pillar. They say that Soders was born frowning. Those whom used to be alive have even said that to his face, and yet he did not smile. Not even a crack. Holding the security of the Empire above all else, the rivalry between Soders and Ritter is as infamous as the rivalry between the concept of being alive and being dead. The Wardens of the Empire are said to be the only military force in the world that can rival the military of its own empire. His connections with the Royal family goes back decades to his ultimately doomed marriage with Queen Hypatia's brother Walter.