---
draft: false
---
The Three Horned Devil, so named for the three mountains that encompassed the Valley of Pachamama. These hostile mountains with narrow passes allowed for LeBeaux Mishigamaw's self annexation from the Kingdom of Caderousse. The Kingdom, having fallen far from grace following their unintentional waking of Fafnir, counted Lebeaux Mishigamaw as one of its many losses of territory. A trade alliance with the newly formed Toshkan Empire was one forged with ease. To this day it is considered a protectorate of the Empire, but largely operates fully self sustaining, an isolated valley of fertile lands, that break way to it's one and only coast, the Bay of Legba.  

The swamps around the Bay of Legba are one that any smart ass child will learn well to heed, less they become stew for a Hag before the morning dew. But a river runs through it. The Misty River where the water is as smooth as glass will provide safe haven for any ship, from the Three Horned Devil all the way down into the Bay of Legba and the world sea. Should you show failure to revere the Misty River, then into the mists you shall go, and and where you shall stay.  

A close relationship with the afterlife, both dead and undead alike, and a deep appreciation of nature allows LeBeaux Mishigamaw an almost mystic festive aura about it. Music and food is as beloved as family members, and the Capital, located just off the coast, in the Bay of Legba, the City so alive that dead refuse to sleep, Isle De Muerta.