[[Victor Von Rudamente]] entered [[Megido]] in an attempt to reconnect with his step mother [[Darrill Mercuria]] and harm/talk with his twin brother [[Benecio Plutok Rudamente]]. He was cornered in [[The Slums]] of Megido through the use of a powerful barrier locking down the district on the day of the Annual Beast Hunt. Several local adventuring guilds were already present, [[The Windbreakers]], [[The Legendseekers]] and one team that wanted an early start, [[The Once and Future Kings]]. 

Victor transformed several residents of the slums into terrible chimera. This was taken as an early start to the hunt or an attempt to clear out the residents by the guild members. There was a brief exchange with the guards that went poorly and resulted in no further information. Victor presented himself as a field medic and was treating injured residents in the Orphan Theatre. Through misdirection and obliviousness, Victor and the casters present powered a ritual circle they were told would teleport people. A call from the deputy director of [[Nystar/Places/Continents/Toshka/The Toshkan Empire/Kingdoms/Megido/The Moonlight Archives|The Moonlight Archives]] alerted [[Juliet Amrankur LeBeaux]] who spooked Victor off the circle and allowed [[Griff Whiteflower]] to disable it. 

Through teamwork, Victor was prevented from using the occupants of [[The Orphan's Theatre]] as material components to create more chimera. [[Nystar/People/Cerberus|Cerberus]], [[Loomis]], and [[Dante LeBeaux]] made an appearance as members and servants of [[The Knights of the Round Table]]. Victor was killed and Juliet was magically banished by Dante to prevent her from stopping his exit with Cerberus and Loomis. Juliet unintentionally disables the barrier over the slums with her Chariot abilities.

[[Enrico Caruso Junior]], [[Bazett Scáthach Dagda]], and [[Gareth Soders]] descent in a small airship called the Turtleduck where the Chancellor announces he's achieved world peace by becoming engaged with the Lady Bazett. 