Those whom participate in the Archives begin as Type 0, or new moon recruits. The job system for the archives operates similarly to the Zobekian classification of magic. In this example, Type 0 missions are the equivalent of cantrips. Archivists may only take jobs of one rank above their current job, or lower. Once an individual has completed a number of accredited jobs equal to their current rank, will they be eligible to reclass into a higher rank. (For Example, one would need to complete two type 2 missions to be eligible for a Type 3 Archivist. Upon eligibility, one will complete a mission of the rank they are eligible for assigned by a member of the Archivists Guild. This mission does not factor into their rank up requirements. Archivists of eligible rank, may conscript junior archivists into assisting them with higher rank missions, and upon completion of said missions, their status as an archivist will be reevaluated. All appeals are to be filed through Deputy Director Marigold Fairbanks.

Type 0 Missions are also referred to as new moon missions, or simply survey missions. These missions are only for designated surveys to accredit a job assigned to the Archives itself. Accredited jobs allow for the job to be insured by the Archives themselves, offering additional protections for Poster and Archivist, including but not limited to, higher pay, usage of Archives resources, and job completions going towards rank advancement.

Type 1 Missions typically involve threats that endanger no more than fifteen people at any one point in time. Threat of mortality is low to nonexistent, only in cases of exceptional incompetence. Missions will likely take place in private residences, or within the city itself. 

Type 2 Missions typically involve threats that endanger more than fifteen, but less than fifty people. Morality is not often at risk, but is not unheard of. Missions will likely take place within the city itself.

Type 3 Missions typically involve threats that endanger up to two hundred people. This rank of mission has the single highest mortality rate in the entire Archives system. This rank also has the greatest number of Archivists staying at said rank. Missions can take place outside of the city and within, and will typically involve substantially more pay and commitment required. Archivists who achieve this rank are no longer considered Junior Archivists. It is heavily recommended that only those whom are professionally trained take Type 3 Missions.

Type 4 Missions typically involve threats that endanger more than two hundred, but less than a thousand people. Conscription of additional archivists for smaller parties is strongly advised. Missions of this rank have high mortality and retirement rates. Only accredited jobs can be assigned rank four and above. Mission can likely take place outside of the city, and Archivists should make arrangements to be out of the city for potentially months at a time.

Type 5 Missions typically involve threats that have the potential to threaten entire regions. Large presence of hostile forces, runaway magical catastrophes, or exceptionally dangerous monsters that are otherwise isolated to a single area. The Empire may designate mandatory conscription for Archivists into taking on these threats, regardless of rank. Jobs taken as a result of this conscription will be counted towards your rank.

Type 6 Missions typically involve threats that have the potential to endanger large populations on an international level. Conscription for the Empire against these threats are to be expected. There is currently only one credited Archivist Guild at this rank, the Platinum Dragons, the highest rank of any current active Archivist Guild.

Type 7 Missions are  international conflicts that threaten the sanctity of the Empire itself. Conscription is mandatory, martial law will be established. Any Archivists who survives a mission of this rank will automatically achieve the seventh rank, and will be eligible for a fully endorsed retirement plan, and will have the eternal blessings of the Sovereign. The last party to have this was The Looking Glass Ravens, following their retirement after the Zshemier conflict. 

Type 8 Missions or Full Moon missions are conflicts that threaten the world itself. Refusal of conscription will carry a minimum of life imprisonment. All resources, both foreign and domestic will be conscripted to the Empire in accordance with dealing with this threat.

Type 9 Missions, or Eclipse Missions, are conflicts that threaten the Loom itself. Extinction level events that threaten the delicate balance between the World, the Loom, the Veil and the Void.