After Convergence, life began again.

The Lost Years period was tremendous blow to those whom survived and those who did not. Few had managed the journey back across the Veil, but in spite of that, they continued their journey to the realm where all fey are born: Shannaloutte.

Life began again, culture was restored, but the language of violence was not forgotten, and worse still, it was spoken.   

The Warring States (236-594 AC)   Rulership over the new lands became a topic of bloodshed quickly. What began as simple courts of winter, fall, summer, and spring, became Monarchs of great power and a refusal to yield, even in the face of Armageddon. There are no Kingdoms in Shannaloutte, but Courts. This period drew the lines on the map we know today, until the age of the Sovereign.

Age of the Sovereign (594 AC to now)
In the remains of the once noble and just Autumn Court came Armagh. The beautiful redwood trees would stretch like pillars into the sky, a constant rain of bronze and red colored leaves falling down around, blessing the world with its beauty and grace. It was considered the most noble and powerful of the Four Courts, until the Great and Terrible Fafnir rained down fire and brimstone upon the glorious land. No Court suffered Fafnir's wrath more than Armagh, losing over half of their total land to the beasts horrible fire. When all those displaced by the creatures power needed a place to stay, it was the blazoned lands of what had once belonged to Armagh that was decided as the place for the displaced to reside. The Noble and Royal family of Ulster, has long been subjected to political sabotage, and has struggled in the years since to retain what little foothold it has in the world of Shannaloutte, especially with the recent assassination of King Dagda. Despite this, the great castle of Tuatha Dé Danann, remains as ancient and powerful as it had before even the Realm Ripper. The Castle That Never Fell holds to that title with honor, and even amongst the most radical Fafnirans, the keep commands respect. The Heir apparent Bazett Scáthach Dagda mourns her father and mother.

What had been taken from Armagh, became great badlands, the Court of Fafnir. A curse was said to be laid on the lands, that any child sired there would grow with the likeness of Fafnir. Tails and horns on otherwise human or elven children, dragonborn from those whom never laid with such. These arid badlands of high winds and magma have forced those to carve out a harsh life. Within cities on acidic lakes, towns on lava pools, and it's massive network of Underdark providing true civilization and protection to all Fafnirans. Long considered outsiders by the Courts, Fafnir has often been considered a place of the lawless, but those whom live there are known to be as hardy and tough as has come. Their capital is Balmung, named after Krimhilda's greatest sword. The last great land of the dragons, many have taken to Fafnir with not just pride, but stubbornness. A defiant shout to the heavens, a refusal to die. 

The Winter Court, known now as Chernabog, is land of the forever blizzard. Some claim that it was the icy peaks of Mount Koschei, the Immortal mountain range that has claimed more lives of would be invaders than any army that the Court of Chernabog has ever created was what protected the region from Fafnir's fire. Others claim it was the looming threat of Baba Yaga, or the relentless ballista's of Chernabog's most fearsome warriors. Orcs, dwarves, giants, shifters, goliaths, and oni have long laid claim to the great snowbanks, and have long made it their own, but the looming threat of Her Crystalline Majesty, Morrinn Boreas, from across the Great White Expanse of Gletchner has led to paranoia and desolation. Her claim for the land has never felt as absolute as it does now, and Chernabogians want nothing more than the right to exist, so often denied, even within the heart of their capital of the Court Marzanna.

The Spring Court, said to be founded by River King Vanduo, one of the great heroes of the Convergence and named in his honor, is connected to the continent of Volumetal, and has often shared a luxurious trade route with the Land of Thousand Islands. Vanduos endless rivers and incredible lakes and swamps are second to none, making invasion by land or water a complete folly to anyone dare fool enough to try. The capital of its Court, Amnok, is located in the center of said Great Lake, and is one of the greatest threats to piracy across the Nine Seas. A wealthy and powerful Court of industry and trade, it has bred tension with the other Courts over it's ironclad rule over trade routes, and its deep seated rivalry with Fafnir. Its navy is second only to the Toshkan Empire.

The Summer Court of Osiris; The Diamond of the Desert. The Crown Jewel of Triumph through adversity. Few places are more hostile to live in than Osiris, and yet few have laid greater claim to living life than an Osirian. To live lavishly, is the only true way to live in the Amrun-Kun's favorite Court. There is no fear of the Spring Court, or the land of Fafnir, because no mortal, immortal, dragon, or otherwise has marched through the deserts of Osiris and claimed the Capital of the Court; Gilgamesh. Dare few have ever tried. The Summer Court are lords over all that is golden and bright, and nothing is more caked in gold than the lives of those who live within. To challenge the very idea of it is to celebrate your own ignorance. The lowest slave in Gilgamesh will eat a better meal than Queen Hypatia herself. Bow to Osiris, and all those that live within it, for while Osirans bask in the greatest glow of the Sun God, all others must live in their shade.