**Age of Conquest (184-369AC)**   For over two hundred years, [[The Kingdom of Caderousse]] would lead conquest after conquest, coming to be known as the Sunrise Kingdom, for there was no place in the world where the sun did not smile upon it. But in their endless conquest, they provided the world with a singular enemy, and the Kingdom's absolute rule fell into question. It would not be until, in their absolute greed, that they woke the great and terrible Fafnir.

**Age of Fafnir (369-402AC)**   From the ashes of the battlefield a new champion arose. Krimhilda the Dragonslayer. The Champion born in blood and fire, became a legend amongst the mortal world. From the battlefield she would be taken to the small city known as [[Toshka]], where people from all over the realms would flock to see the Dragonslayer. Groups formed, lovers were taken, and from the sanctuary where Krimhilda healed from her wounds, so to did the world. Krimhilda would take many lovers, and from the lovers, would be her kin that would form the beginnings of the dynasty that heralded the empire into the modern age.

**Age of the Sovereign (402-present)**   But when it was brought to Krimhilda to rule, she would not take any throne or any crown. This became known as The Great Humility, and Krimhilda's closest lovers were quick to protect her from the cult of personality that threatened to consume her legend. These would be called Krimhilda herself the "pillars that hold me up" and thus, the first Great Pillars were established.   

**The Blackest Night, The Brightest Day (402-404)**     When the Cadaroussians, seeing this new country begin to form, would march to take back what was by divine right theirs, it was Krimhilda who led the opposition. On the Blackest Day for the Kingdom of Cadarousse, Krimhilda taught them what she could never learn; fear.   When day broke on the Blackest Day, it was the Brightest Night for the Toshkan Empire, becoming the first day of the calendar year as a result. Krimhilda would go onto face the greatest threats that would face the Empire, while the Pillars made the building blocks that would form that which they all knew. It would be here that the founding of the Nine Kingdoms would occur.   Like the epicenter of an earthquake, Krimhilda's Conquest would set out. In the War of the Bloody Belltowers (415-435 AC) Caderousse would lose over forty percent of its land ownership, before agreeing to a surrender, that would be almost immediately rescinded, when the Sovereign, inconspicuous by her absence was discovered in bed with the Caderoussian Princess Lyra. This disgrace led the King to promise an endless war, shortly before being decapitated by the Sovereign, who absconded with her new wife in tow. The War of Disgrace was fought for two more centuries, with the Sovereign never stepping foot onto the battlefield. By the time of the wars end, maps had to be redrawn, to be align with the Nine Kingdoms of the Toshkan Empire.

**The Endless War of Lyra Caderousse, or the War of Disgrace (435-666 AC)** 
